hello everyone my name is chiefly us and
bring you guys another halo 4 gameplay
commentary and what I'm showing you guys
is my very first gameplay of grifball on
Halo 4 what you guys are watching is the
grifball brand as opposed to the
goofball provent and I'm gonna be
breaking down the playlist scary guys a
few tips and just my thoughts so far and
let's dive on in so like I said there
are two bearings one called Grifball
what you guys are watching it's a single
12-minute round first to five scores
wins and auto pick up is enabled whereas
Grifball Pro has five three-minute
rounds and auto pick up is disabled no
other than that there's nothing really
different between the variance although
there are some unique little second
indicators and your time indicators in
regards to the oddball itself so like I
said and regular Griff flow automatic
pickup is enabled so you don't have to
hold X to pick it up and grip I'll pro
you actually have to hold X to pick up
the oddball the bomb armed time is
instant in both variants the bump the
ball fuse time is 5 seconds in regular
grifball and instantaneous and Griff all
pro no I don't understand why there's
actually really a fuse once it's planted
it's pretty much over with you know it's
just in five second countdown after the
fact the ball reset time in the regular
grip ball variant is 15 seconds and in
grifball pro it is 30 seconds so it's a
little bit more forgiving and the pro
variance other than that they're pretty
much identical other than one variant
doesn't have automatic pick up and has
rounds every time you score and if you
don't score in a particular round
they'll become a best of four and then
so on and so forth as if you guys don't
score in each round now a few things
have changed since we last saw Griffi
land for instance the weapons now have
unique traits for one this sword has the
ability to automatically place the odd
ball in your hand so if you sword the
carrier you'll automatically get the odd
ball in your hands as opposed to having
to find it on the ground after you
killed the carrier now with the gravity
hammer this time you're not able to use
it like a room like Hogwarts style like
he used to in Halo Reach I remember you
can just jump turn around and just start
swinging it behind you to launch
yourself across the map you can no
longer really do that you can't really
want your players anymore which is a
little bit unfortunate but it seems a
little bit more fair in this case but
this time around physics have been
enabled with the gravity hammer and so
you can actually basically play baseball
with the oddball if it's not in anyone's
hands so be careful the oddball will
start bouncing like crazy so my
recommendation when to use each weapon
is that to save the gravity hammer from
when you're facing on big swarms of the
enemy and be mindful that you can easily
betray your teammates and save the sword
for when you're chasing people from
behind it's much faster that way you can
obviously cover much longer distances
when you are able to lunge and I
recommend trying to sort the carrier
from the behind as much as possible
because he does have the ability to one
punch you with the oddball bet you can
only do that so often so if you want to
you can swarm in with your teammates and
try as much as you can another tip that
I have is if you've played a grifball
before halo reach the initial clash
between the two teams in the middle when
they first tried to go grab the ball
it's a little bit different this time or
like I said physics are now enabled so
after that huge clash the the ball is
not just going to be sitting in the
middle anymore it's gonna bounce
somewhere crazily so i found a technique
is that i let the players just rush on
in and then I find out where the oddball
has since then bounced from all those
gravity hammer swings and more often
than not if your team has swung the
gravity hammer first the odd ball will
bounce backwards towards you so you can
quickly grab it if you take a few steps
back and don't rush them initially and
then you can just go run on in and score
once again now my thoughts on both
playlists I really prefer the regular
grifball variant which is the single
12-minute round because you can continue
the momentum forward as opposed to
having it stopped after each time your
score so that way when you score you can
have nickens when you're about to score
it you can send a teammate back to the
center to go grab the resetting audible
and go try and score quickly again and
it's a lot of fun that way but I do have
them say the grip ball pro is
challenging in its own and is definitely
still quite fun but I do prefer the
regular Grifball frame so hope you guys
enjoy the little gameplay there leave a
like or favorite as it greatly helps
with my channel subscribe if you haven't
already for more halo 4 news content
stuff like that leaving you guys have
thoughts on grifball playlists and your
experiences so far my name is cheap
wheless and i'm signing out
you